we're here at the Tucson Lobos
wheelchair basketball practice no just
because you use a wheelchair doesn't
mean you're not an athlete everybody has
played sports knows how much sport can
mean today who got me here if I turn
around you got me on that side you know
nice and easy just go from this spot to
that spot to this spot ok we'll take
anybody will teach anybody we give them
confidence give it to our tura Arturo
Arturo you know this is my outlet let's
go baby wanna come back here and you
know smash some heads with these guys or
smash the wheelchairs and throw some
elbows get a little my aggression out oh
alright yeah I was born with the
condition called offer got posters which
is the irregular curvature of the joints
so my hips knees and ankles don't bend I
can actually walk I only use the
wheelchair for sports or if I want to
get around real fast don't slam dunk
most of our guys that play our spinal
cord injuries from some sort of trauma
you know it could be gunshot it could be
falling off a roof it could be car
accidents I suffered a motocross
accident March second I broke my back at
t12 level after being in the hospital is
really hard I was there for a month
coming back out it was really
encouraging to see other people that
basically go on with your lives with no
problem at all I've learned a lot from
from them the time I've been here and
I've really enjoyed it they always have
good tips and for my new wheelchair
status and it's just very enjoyable to
you too much you feel like it it will be
okay it's I can do it you know these are
my boys that behind me and we come out
here and we sweat gotcha and we we step
up for each other and it's exciting
stuff you know where we got each other's
back it's a team that's that's
you
red ball
and there's there's thousands of you
spina bifida which is another congenital
birth defect so you know we have all
kinds out here oh come on turkey
if you don't have fun in your life I'd
be sitting here in this wheelchair I'd
have to have it three times bigger
because I'd be that much chubbier I'm
afraid if I didn't have this wheelchair
basketball game to play